---
layout: post
title:  "EMAWM Live - Skype Session from the 1st of April 2017"
date:   2017-05-07 00:00:00 -0500
categories: music emawm
---

<video src="https://ia601509.us.archive.org/21/items/el4117/el4117.mp4" width="384" height="216" controls></video>

On the first of April this year, something magical happened. But alas! It was NOT an April Fools Prank! Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids!

Instead, myself (hi, I'm Mark) and the rest of the EMAWM Team (Josh & Chris) hopped onto a Skype call and recorded this mini-concert you're hearing today! For those of you who don't know, "EMAWM Live" is basically what happens when the slick musicians that make up the EMAWM collective get together online to take turns performing awesome music for each other and the world (this session would be branded under "Nerd Central", but we didn't open the "stage" up to non-EMAWM bups this time around).

As per tradition when I write liner notes for these things, I'd like to tell you about what makes this session different from previous such sessions. If you came here hoping for a 100% unique lineup of performers, this session breaks that tradition (not that it matters, because we're all super awesome performers). However, some pretty unique stuff does happen in the nearly 48 minutes packed of fun that is this recording. Two of the songs played today are first being debuted here (but you'll have to guess which two). Additionally, you'll get to hear Josh cover "Call Me Maybe" in Japanese, as well as do a synthpop cover of YMO's "Firecracker". All things considered, the 17 tracks that make up this performance are all definitely worth a listen.

Don't face that book or snap that chat! Just listen to EMAWM Live on any or all available mediums!

Setlist:

1. Mark - Space Oddity (David Bowie)
2. Josh - Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo (The Bloodhound Gang)
3. Mark - Bind (Mark! Silver)
4. Chris - No More Sleep (Christopher Tom)
5. Josh - I Don't Wanna Know (Spiffy Flinger / Mark! Silver)
6. Mark - Maybe You're Right (Probehead)
7. Chris - Hallelujah (Jeff Buckley / Leonard Cohen)
8. Josh - Call Me Maybe (Carly Rae Jepsen)
9. Mark - Look Up (The EMAWM Team)
10. Chris - Always (Blink-182)
11. Josh - I Don't Mind (Spiffy Flinger)
12. Mark - Mainstream Media (Mark! Silver)
13. Chris - Everything is Embarrassing (Sky Ferreira)
14. Josh - Firecracker (Yellow Magic Orchestra)
15. Mark - Blade (Christopher Tom)
16. Chris - Don't Change (INXS)
17. Josh - Goodbye Our Pastels Badges (Flipper's Guitar)

For more content from the EMAWM Team, [check out our website](http://emawm.tk).
